📖 Improve website navigation and TOC docs (#1446)
jupyter-book/mystmd: docs/deployment-github-pages.md

To trigger action, push your code with the workflow to main.

> :::{tip} You will probably need to set a `BASE_URL`
> GitHub Pages likely requires you to set a `BASE_URL` because the URL for GitHub Pages defaults to a sub-folder of `username.github.io` (e.g. `username.github.io/myrepository/`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::{tip} `BASE_URL` Configuration for GitHub Pages

If you are deploying your mystmd website from a specific repository within an organization that has a domain url setup then you likely need to define a `BASE_URL` that includes the repository name.

For example, if your GitHub organization was connected to mystmd.org and you had a repository  called myrepository where your. mystmd website lives, you'd want the base url to be:

`username.github.io/myrepository/`

GitHub Pages likely requires you to set a `BASE_URL` because the URL for GitHub Pages defaults to a sub-folder of `username.github.io` (e.g. `username.github.io/myrepository/`).
```

> The easieset thing to do is use the GitHub Action variable for the repository name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The BASEURL variable is only needed for deploying your site to GitHub pages. If you are using GitHub actions to deploy your site, you can add a GitHub Action variable that defins the repository name and creates your BASE_URL like this:
```

```yaml

> BASE_URL: /${{ github.event.repository.name }}

Reviewer: Your GitHub action would then look something like this:

```suggestion
name: MyST GitHub Pages Deploy
on:
  schedule:
    - cron: '0 0 * * 0' # Run every Sunday @ midnight (UTC)
  pull_request:
  push:
    branches:
      - main
env:
  # `BASE_URL` determines the website is served from, including CSS & JS assets
  # You may need to change this to `BASE_URL: ''`
  BASE_URL: /${{ github.event.repository.name }}```

Reviewer: i'm not sure about the comments here in my action. but i'm just thinking it would be good to be super explicit regarding where that base_url is set in the action.

```

> If you're using a custom domain (e.g. `mydomain.org`) then you may need to manually set `BASE_URL` to an empty string, like `export BASE_URL=''`.

Reviewer: Just a note that i did not need to do this (i think)

see [here](https://github.com/pyOpenSci/peer-review-metrics/blob/main/.github/workflows/deploy.yml#L12)

now i may not understand how this works yet but i didn't have to tell it my domain name, i did have to define the subfolder / repo name
